README.md, before:

# squad-topography

Topographical 🗺️ for Squad ❤️!

The aim of this project is to provide topographical maps for all default Squad maps.

## Help wanted

Do you want to have better topographical maps for Squad? - You are welcome to create a pull request to add additional features.

## Goals

- [x] Provide basic topographical maps for all Squad maps
- [ ] Add topographical maps in SVG format, since it does not require a static resolution
- [ ] Add highways/streets/paths to the topographical maps
- [ ] Add forests to the topographical maps (marked with green)
- [ ] Add city buildings to the topographical maps (marked with grey)
- [ ] Add mountain top marks aswell as several height marks
- [ ] Add city and general location names

For all objectives listed above, the main goal is to provide a way to automagically (I love this adjective) generate topgraphically maps. All resources needed to generate the topographical maps, unless there are copyright problems with uploading such, should be provide within this repository.

## Conventions

### Commits

For naming commits [Conventional Commits Specification v1.0.0](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) is used.

Commit message:

refactor: add usage to README.md

README.md, after:

# squad-topography

Topographical 🗺️ for Squad ❤️!

The aim of this project is to provide topographical maps for all default Squad maps.

## Usage

1. Download this repository.
2. Unpack the downloaded file.
3. Navigate to the folder `generated/`. There you will find all current topology maps for Squad.

## Help wanted

Do you want to have better topographical maps for Squad? - You are welcome to create a pull request to add additional features.

## Goals

- [x] Provide basic topographical maps for all Squad maps
- [ ] Add topographical maps in SVG format, since it does not require a static resolution
- [ ] Add highways/streets/paths to the topographical maps
- [ ] Add forests to the topographical maps (marked with green)
- [ ] Add city buildings to the topographical maps (marked with grey)
- [ ] Add mountain top marks aswell as several height marks
- [ ] Add city and general location names

For all objectives listed above, the main goal is to provide a way to automagically (I love this adjective) generate topgraphically maps. All resources needed to generate the topographical maps, unless there are copyright problems with uploading such, should be provide within this repository.

## Conventions

### Commits

For naming commits [Conventional Commits Specification v1.0.0](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) is used.
